{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf100
\readonlydoc1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset77 Arial-BoldMS;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset77 ArialMS;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green28\blue255;\red232\green0\blue1;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green41\blue97;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11800\viewh9780\viewkind0
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 RandomWeb Screensaver\cf3 \

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 June 9, 2005 - Version 1.3.1\
by Gabriel Handford
\f0\b\fs36 \

\f1\b0\fs20 \'a9 2005, Cellar Door Software\
http://cellardoorsw.com
\fs24 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f2\b\fs28 \cf2 What is RandomWeb?
\f3\b0\fs32 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf0 RandomWeb searches the internet for digital photos based on popular digital camera filename formats. It can also search using keywords, a web site, a location, or current iTunes artist. \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f2\b\fs28 \cf2 FEATURES:
\f3\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf4 {\listtext	\'a5	}Search for digital camera photos\
{\listtext	\'a5	}Search using keywords\
{\listtext	\'a5	}Search a web site\
{\listtext	\'a5	}Search a web page\
{\listtext	\'a5	}Automatically search using the current iTunes artist\
{\listtext	\'a5	}Content filter (safe search), so it can be used in public environments. (This can be disabled in the Settings tab)\
{\listtext	\'a5	}Images can be automatically expired\
{\listtext	\'a5	}Image library can be limited to a certain size (old images are removed to make space for new ones)\
{\listtext	\'a5	}Limit search to images of a minimum size\
{\listtext	\'a5	}Images are stored in your user directory under Pictures/RandomWeb, so you can browse them later\
{\listtext	\'a5	}Status bar shows you its searching progress\
{\listtext	\'a5	}Override connection timeouts, to get better responsiveness\
{\listtext	\'a5	}Can display the filename with the image\cf0 \
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural

\f1 \cf0 \
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 Installation Instructions:\cf0 \
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 Drag the "RandomWeb.saver" file to the "System Preferences" panel, or double-click, and follow the directions to install.\
\
To activate the screen saver, go to your System Preferences panel, and select, "Desktop & Screen Saver". Click on the "Screen Saver" tab. Choose the "RandomWeb" listing.\
\
To edit the screen saver configuration, click the "Options" button.\
\
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 RandomWeb Screensaver Preferences:\cf3 \
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural

\f0\b \cf2 RANDOMWEB TAB:
\f1\b0 \cf0 \
Displays you current search items. \
\
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural
\cf5 \ul \ulc5 Digital Photo\cf0 \ulnone : This finds digital photos using a search on camera file names.\
\cf5 \ul \ulc5 iTunes\cf0 \ulnone : This searches using the current iTunes artist. If not playing any music, this item is ignored.\
\
To add a phrase, site or location search item click on the + (plus) button. The choose a type, keyword and minimum size.\
\
The types can be:\
\cf5 \ul \ulc5 Phrase\cf0 \ulnone : Enter in a word or multiple words for a search. To have it do an OR search, separate the words by commas (e.g. earth OR moon -> earth, moon). Otherwise every word is required (e.g. earth moon -> earth AND moon).\
\
\cf5 \ul \ulc5 Site\cf0 \ulnone : Enter in a web site URL. The screensaver will pull images from that site (Results may vary).\
\ul Location\ulnone : Enter in a web page. The screensaver will pull any images off of that page.\
\
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural

\f0\b \cf2 SETTINGS TAB:
\f1\b0 \cf0 \
All the settings can be configured. Descriptions of each appear when you select them.\
\

\f0\b \cf2 INFO TAB:\cf3 \
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 Shows the number of images and size for all your search items.\
\
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural

\f0\b \cf2 ABOUT TAB:
\f1\b0 \cf0 \
Displays information about this screensaver, such as help, version, and copyright info.\
\
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural

\fs20 \cf0 If you have any troubles with this screen saver, please email me at: gh38@cornell.edu\
\
\'a9 2005, Cellar Door Software
\fs24 \
\
}